updated the readme (#566)
thoth-station/kebechet: README.rst

Deploying Kebechet
==================

> To deploy kebechet on an OpenShift cluster use kustomize and the manifest files at https://github.com/thoth-station/thoth-application/tree/master/kebechet .

Reviewer: A clickable link?

Deploying Kebechet
==================

> To deploy kebechet on an OpenShift cluster use kustomize and the 'Thoth Application manifest files'_. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To deploy kebechet on an OpenShift cluster use kustomize and the Thoth Application manifest `Thoth Application manifest files
<https://github.com/thoth-station/thoth-application/tree/master/kebechet/>`_. 
```

> .. _'Thoth Application manifest files': https://github.com/thoth-station/thoth-application/tree/master/kebechet

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
